# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --universal requirements.in -o requirements.txt
aiobotocore==2.13.1
    # via s3fs
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp-cors
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   ray
    #   s3fs
aiohttp-cors==0.7.0
    # via ray
aioitertools==0.11.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   ray
aiosqlite==0.20.0
    # via prefect
alembic==1.13.2
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via graphene
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via omegaconf
anyio==4.4.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appnope==0.1.4 ; platform_system == 'Darwin'
    # via ipykernel
apprise==1.8.0
    # via prefect
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   isoduration
asgi-lifespan==2.1.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3 ; python_version < '3.12.0'
    # via asyncpg
asyncpg==0.29.0
    # via prefect
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   kedro
    #   referencing
babel==2.15.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
binaryornot==0.4.4
    # via cookiecutter
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blinker==1.8.2
    # via flask
botocore==1.34.131
    # via aiobotocore
build==1.2.1
    # via kedro
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   kedro
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
certifi==2024.6.2
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   pyzmq
chardet==5.2.0
    # via binaryornot
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   cookiecutter
    #   flask
    #   kedro
    #   mlflow
    #   nltk
    #   prefect
    #   ray
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   build
    #   click
    #   colorful
    #   griffe
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
colorful==0.5.6
    # via ray
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.2.1
    # via matplotlib
cookiecutter==2.6.0
    # via kedro
coolname==2.2.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
croniter==2.0.5
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
cryptography==42.0.8
    # via prefect
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.14.4
    # via kedro-datasets
dateparser==1.2.0
    # via prefect
debugpy==1.8.2
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deltalake==0.18.2
    # via
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   polars
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via opentelemetry-api
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via email-validator
docker==7.1.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
dynaconf==3.2.5
    # via kedro
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
entrypoints==0.4
    # via mlflow
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.111.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
fastapi-cli==0.0.4
    # via fastapi
fastjsonschema==2.20.0
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.15.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   virtualenv
flask==3.0.3
    # via mlflow
fonttools==4.53.1
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
    #   ray
fsspec==2024.6.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   kedro
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   s3fs
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   mlflow
google-api-core==2.19.1 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via opencensus
google-auth==2.31.0 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via google-api-core
googleapis-common-protos==1.63.2 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via google-api-core
graphene==3.3
    # via mlflow
graphql-core==3.2.3
    # via
    #   graphene
    #   graphql-relay
graphql-relay==3.2.0
    # via graphene
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via sqlalchemy
griffe==0.47.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
grpcio==1.64.1 ; python_version >= '3.10'
    # via ray
gunicorn==22.0.0 ; platform_system != 'Windows'
    # via mlflow
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via httpx
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.5
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
httptools==0.6.1
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyterlab
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
huggingface-hub==0.23.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanize==4.9.0
    # via
    #   jinja2-humanize-extension
    #   prefect
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.2.1
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   mlflow
importlib-resources==6.1.3
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.26.0
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   fastapi
    #   flask
    #   jinja2-humanize-extension
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   memray
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   prefect
jinja2-humanize-extension==0.4.0
    # via prefect
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.25
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.22.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   ray
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.10.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.2.3
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
kedro==0.19.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   kedro-mlflow
kedro-datasets==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kedro-mlflow
kedro-mlflow==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via kedro-datasets
linkify-it-py==2.0.3 ; sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via markdown-it-py
mako==1.3.5
    # via alembic
markdown==3.6
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   mlflow
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   rich
    #   textual
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.9.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.1 ; sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via markdown-it-py
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
memray==1.13.3 ; sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ray
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mlflow==2.14.2
    # via kedro-mlflow
more-itertools==10.3.0
    # via kedro
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via ray
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via datasets
nbclient==0.10.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.4
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
nltk==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==7.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.2.2
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via kedro
opencensus==0.11.4
    # via ray
opencensus-context==0.1.3
    # via opencensus
opentelemetry-api==1.16.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
opentelemetry-sdk==1.16.0
    # via mlflow
opentelemetry-semantic-conventions==0.37b0
    # via opentelemetry-sdk
orjson==3.10.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   build
    #   datasets
    #   gunicorn
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   lazy-loader
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlflow
    #   nbconvert
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   ray
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   mlflow
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parse==1.20.2
    # via kedro
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
pendulum==3.0.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
pexpect==4.9.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ipython
pillow==10.4.0
    # via matplotlib
pip==24.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.2.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   pytoolconfig
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via kedro
polars==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kedro-datasets
praw==7.7.1
    # via -r requirements.in
prawcore==2.4.0
    # via praw
pre-commit-hooks==4.6.0
    # via kedro
prefect==3.0.0rc10
    # via prefect-ray
prefect-client==3.0.0rc10
    # via -r requirements.in
prefect-ray==0.4.0rc2
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   ray
prompt-toolkit==3.0.47
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.24.0 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via google-api-core
protobuf==4.25.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   mlflow
    #   proto-plus
    #   ray
psutil==6.0.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; os_name != 'nt' or (sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32')
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py-spy==0.3.14
    # via ray
pyarrow==15.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   deltalake
    #   kedro-datasets
    #   mlflow
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via deltalake
pyasn1==0.6.0 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.0 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   kedro-mlflow
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   ray
pydantic-core==2.20.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.9.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
pydantic-settings==2.3.4
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
pygments==2.18.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.1.0
    # via build
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   botocore
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   time-machine
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.9
    # via fastapi
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
pytoolconfig==1.3.1
    # via rope
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   croniter
    #   dateparser
    #   mlflow
    #   pandas
    #   prefect
pywin32==306 ; sys_platform == 'win32' or (platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform == 'win32')
    # via
    #   docker
    #   jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.13 ; os_name == 'nt'
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   cookiecutter
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   kedro
    #   mlflow
    #   omegaconf
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   ray
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.0.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
querystring-parser==1.2.4
    # via mlflow
ray==2.31.0
    # via prefect-ray
readchar==4.1.0
    # via prefect
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.5.15
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   apprise
    #   cookiecutter
    #   datasets
    #   docker
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   mlflow
    #   prawcore
    #   ray
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   transformers
    #   update-checker
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via apprise
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==13.7.1
    # via
    #   cookiecutter
    #   kedro
    #   memray
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   textual
    #   typer
rope==1.13.0
    # via kedro
rpds-py==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9 ; python_version >= '3.6'
    # via google-auth
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via
    #   pre-commit-hooks
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8 ; python_version < '3.13' and platform_python_implementation == 'CPython'
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2024.6.1
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.4.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mlflow
scipy==1.14.0
    # via
    #   mlflow
    #   scikit-learn
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==70.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   opentelemetry-api
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   opencensus
    #   python-dateutil
    #   querystring-parser
    #   rfc3339-validator
smart-open==7.0.4
    # via ray
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   asgi-lifespan
    #   httpx
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.31
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   mlflow
    #   prefect
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via mlflow
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.37.2
    # via fastapi
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
textual==0.71.0 ; sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via memray
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
time-machine==2.14.2 ; implementation_name != 'pypy'
    # via pendulum
tinycss2==1.3.0
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.19.1
    # via transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   kedro
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
tornado==6.4.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.42.3
    # via kedro-datasets
typer==0.12.3
    # via
    #   fastapi-cli
    #   prefect
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20240316
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   aiosqlite
    #   alembic
    #   fastapi
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   opentelemetry-sdk
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   textual
    #   typer
tzdata==2024.1
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pendulum
    #   tzlocal
tzlocal==5.2
    # via dateparser
uc-micro-py==1.0.3 ; sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via linkify-it-py
ujson==5.10.0
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via praw
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.2.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   docker
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.30.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
uvloop==0.19.0 ; sys_platform != 'win32' and (platform_python_implementation != 'PyPy' and sys_platform != 'cygwin')
    # via uvicorn
virtualenv==20.26.3
    # via ray
waitress==3.0.0 ; platform_system == 'Windows'
    # via mlflow
watchfiles==0.22.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.6.0
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   praw
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   uvicorn
werkzeug==3.0.3
    # via flask
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecated
    #   prefect
    #   prefect-client
    #   smart-open
xlsx2csv==0.8.2
    # via kedro-datasets
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.19.2
    # via importlib-metadata
